{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Foody is a killer leather theme which can be used to design almost any kind of UI Kit app. Take a look at the Find my Friends app from Apple and you will know where this theme gets its inspiration from. To show off the versatility of the leather theme, we have decided to remix the hell out of it and go for a smashing sample recipe app. \
\
Leather navigation that looks better than your leather wallet\
\
When you open up the theme, it starts off with a killer leather navigation with transparent elements for the UIBarButtonItems that make it look as if they were burned into the leather. We didn't stop at that, we added a nice stitch effect to make it look even real-er (is that even a word?).\
\
Two List types to pick and choose from\
Next, you have two custom Table View Cells you can choose from. \
\
The first one has a thumbnail pictures with two rounded boxes to show off special details of your cell item.\
The second one one shows of a list of steps. This is ideal if your app has an ordered list of steps you want to relay to your users.\
\
\
Over 22 design elements on steroids\
\
Have you seen the icon on this theme? It looks so good, I even considered redesigning the Vault's logo to use the theme. \
Anyway, There is so much more in this theme, we can't possibly list them all. You will have to download it to see. From scrunched up paper to picture frames, your app will certainly look multiple times better than your wannabe competition.\
\
\
}